Added a reference for setting up environment labels. (#62617)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/go-setting-environment-annotations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /gitops/health-information-for-resources-deployment.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id='go-setting-environment-annotations_{context}']             

> = Setting up environment labels and annnotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Setting up environment labels and annotations
```
Because this file is a reference module and not a procedure, I would not use a gerund in the title. Instead, consider changing the title to something like `= Settings for environment labels and annotations`

> 

Reviewer: You need to add an introductory sentence for this reference topic.

[discrete]

> == Environment labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Environment labels
```
Per ISG: "Do not end a heading with a period or colon"

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-headings#punctuation

> The environment application manifest should include `openshift.gitops/environment` label, and `destination.namespace` set. The set value for both the environment name and destination namespace should be the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment application manifest must include `openshift.gitops/environment` label, and `destination.namespace` set. The set value for both the environment name and destination namespace must be identical.
```
- Per the ISG: "Do not use _should_ to refer to an action that must be performed." 

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s

.Syntax
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  labels:
    openshift.gitops/environment: <environment-name>
  destination:
    namespace: <environment-name>
----   

> .Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example
```

> [source,yaml]
> ----
> apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
> kind: Application
> metadata:
>   name: dev-env
>   namespace: openshift-gitops
> spec:
>   labels:
>     openshift.gitops/environment: dev-env
>   destination:
>     namespace: dev-env
> ...
> ----
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: dev-env <1>
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  labels:
    openshift.gitops/environment: dev-env
  destination:
    namespace: dev-env
...
----
<1> The name of the environment application manifest. The value set is the same as the value of the `<environment-name>` variable.
```

[discrete]
== Environment annotations:

> The environment namespace manifest has to have `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` to specify the version controller code source of the application. The namespace name has to match the environment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment namespace manifest must contain identical values for the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` field and the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` field that specify the version controller code source for the application. The namespace name must match the environment name.
```
- Per the ISG, use `must` rather than `have to` for mandatory actions. See the "have to" entry here: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#h

> The environment namespace manifest has to have `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` to specify the version controller code source of the application. The namespace name has to match the environment name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The environment namespace manifest must contain the `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-uri` and `annotations.app.openshift.io/vcs-ref` fields to specify the version controller code source of the application. You must set identical values for the `<environment-name>` variable and the name of the environment namespace manifest.
```

> .Syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Specification of the environment namespace manifest
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:
    app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: <application-source-url>
    app.openshift.io/vcs-ref: <branch-reference>
  name: <environment-name>
...
----

> .Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example
```
See previous comment about no colons in headings.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  annotations:

>     app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: https://github.com/your-domain/your-gitops.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: <https://github.com/your-domain/your-gitops.git>
```
- Per OCP guidelines, wrap angled brackets around replaceable values

>     app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: https://github.com/your-domain/your-gitops.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.openshift.io/vcs-uri: https://example.com/your-domain/your-gitops.git
```
- Per the ISG. "If you must use a web address as an example, do not create an address or use an address that links to (or might link to) an actual website. To avoid inadvertently using an address of an actual website, use addresses that are reserved for use in examples." See here for more details:  https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-web-ip-email-addresses#using-addresses-in-examples
